Thought Organization #74

- Relationships are built on neccessity and act more as a social security net than welfare or social security. 
If things go wrong, you can crash on a friends couch. If you get fired from your job, you have someone that it willing
to help pay your bills while you search for a new one, without need for unemployment checks. Good business Relationships
allows for both parties to be able to arrange things to both maximize what they get out of it.

- Sexual Relationships are a subset of Relationships. These relationships are built on intamacy. In life, it is
hard to have someone whom you can talk to things that you feel even uncomfortable to talk to your therapist about.
These relationships are important because there're things about people that they don't share because it is fundamentally
disadvantageous to them, but they desire to share anyway. Some of these things are not socially acceptable and with
good social reasons (more details on that later). But people want other people to know them so that they can help
them if problems with these small facets get out of control. This is why people form sexual relationships, as they
act as a guarentee for problems. Having Sex with someone is to view them in the raw nude and to see their flaws, flaws
that are really important for someone to know to help solve them, but also dangerous in the hands of others. It is
mutually blackmail, in a sense.

- Sexual Relationships becoming more public in this sense is a really bad thing as it deprives of this intimacy.
Even if your sexual relationship is purely private, the pressure to have it become more public and open causes a lot
of distress for members as they are encouraged to disclose by social peers. Some might even relent. The devaluation
of intamacy in the name of a more open society, fundamentally embarasses the individual and leaves them in the nude
for all to see. All their flaws become exposed and can be exploited by others, without recourse. They are left in the
state of not being intimate at all or risking being exploited by others; not a great choice either way.

- Things are not socially acceptable with good reasons. If you ever heard the phrase: "TMI", you know what this means.
People in society don't want to grasp with things that are incredibly outside their area of expertise. Society also
likes for things to be 'proper'. This properness is very important as it acts as a benchmark for communication.
One example of properness is to speak the native language, when communicating amongst a crowd. This is a proper thing
to do as it allows for the natives to understand you and best allocate to meeting what you need. It is improper for
you to speak in tongues that no one can understand as it leaves people isolate to help with what you need.
Clothing is another range of properness, it is generally socially unacceptable to wear particular dress, especially
that which is flashy. Anyone who has had a baby would know that it is tiresome to deal with something that constantly
demands attention and it annoying to others to take attention away from others in a group. To talk about me me me, is
not a good way to make friends. In this sense, wearing flashy clothing is to demand attention and deprive it from the
group. Properness is simply seen as a way to best allow humans to communicate with one another and get along.
Groups or individuals who repeatedly ignoring acting properly, are particularly ignored and/or marginalized. To avoid
such a state, it is in one's own best interest to act properly first and once familarized with other people, engage in
adjusting what is proper to best meet your own personal needs. Understand that properness while limiting is their to
help people get along, but if you have patience, you can adjust what is proper to become more beneficial to everyone.

What did I learn by this train of thought?

1. The role of intimacy is to best guard one's flaws from greater society, while still being able to receive help to
address them.

2. Properness is important to the foundation of communication between people. While it might not best reflect what is
most mutually beneficial, If you are willing to engage in it, you can contribute tiny tweaks to improve it for yourself.

3. As per always, humans are confusing beings.

Final Thoughts:

- Public Kink is Improper, because it devalues intimacy and distorts communication, which negatively impacts individuals
by allowing for them to be more able to be exploited for their flaws and leaves society at large to be very annoyed.